Add GitHub Action to docs/README.md (#102)
stackrox/kube-linter: docs/README.md

   docker run -v /path/to/files/you/want/to/lint:/dir -v /path/to/config.yaml:/etc/config.yaml stackrox/kube-linter lint /dir --config /etc/config.yaml
   ```

> ### Using a GitHub Action
> 
> You can use KubeLinter from a GitHub Action by using `stackrox/kube-linter-action@v1`:
> 
> ```
>       - name: Scan yamls
>         id: kube-lint-scan
>         uses: stackrox/kube-linter-action@v1
>         with:
>           directory: yamls
>           config: .kube-linter/config.yaml
> ```
> 
> * `directory` is mandatory -- this is the directory of deployment files to scan.  
> * `config` is optional -- this is the path to a [configuration file](https://github.com/stackrox/kube-linter/blob/main/config.yaml.example) if you wish to use a non-default configuration.
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
### KubeLinter Github Action

You can also run KubeLinter as a GitHub Action. To use the KubeLinter Github Action, create a `kubelint.yml` file (or choose custom `*.yml` file name) in the `.github/workflows/` directory.
```yaml
- name: Scan yamls
  id: kube-lint-scan
  uses: stackrox/kube-linter-action@v1
  with:
    directory: yamls
    config: .kube-linter/config.yaml
```
The KubeLinter Github Action accepts the following inputs:

|Parameter|Description|
|:--|:--|
|`directory`|(Mandatory) A directory path that contains the Kubernetes YAML files or `Chart.yaml` file.|
|`config`|(Optional) A path to your custom [KubeLinter configuration file](configuring-kubelinter.md).
````

Reviewer: Thanks for the PR @neilcar 
Can you check if my suggestion looks alright? We can merge it then.
